Fix additional files being deleted prematurely (#468)
sourcegraph/src-cli: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Workspaces could sometimes fail set up with docker bind mount errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Workspaces could sometimes fail with docker bind mount errors, due to a race condition of multiple workspaces accessing the same auxilliary files.
```
